# Project: Finding Lane Lines on the Road

## Overview

The goal of this project is
to use [OpenCV](https://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
to build a pipeline for identifying the left and right lane lines
in the images/videos captured by
a camera installed in front of a car.
Based on our pipeline, we identify the lane lines in some examples of videos/images.
The original files including videos etc.
by [Udacity](https://eu.udacity.com/) are available [here](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-LaneLines-P1).


## Contents of This Repository
This repository contains the following files and folders:

- `P1.ipynb` <br>
Jupyter Notebook containing the detail of our analysis
(based Jupyter Notebook provided by Udacity).

- `P1.html` <br>
html file of `P1.ipynb`.

- `README.md` <br>
This file.

- `writeup.md` <br>
Summary writeup of the analysis carried out in `P1.ipynb`.

- `LICENSE` <br>
License description of this project (created by Udacity).

- `examples` <br>
This folder contains examples of the images to be generated
in this project (provided by Udacity)

- `test_images` <br>
This folder contains the original images to be processed for
the lane line identification (provided by Udacity).

- `test_videos` <br>
This folder contains the original videos to be processed for
the lane line identification (provided by Udacity).

- `test_images_output`  <br>
This folder contains images generated by processing
the images in `test_images` with `P1.ipynb` (i.e. identified lane lines are
added to the original images).
The final output image file has the name `output_...` where `...`
is the name of the input image file. The intermediate images in the processing
through our pipeline are also stored here (for example `gray_...` contains the
image generated by converting the original image with name `...` to grayscale).

- `test_videos_output`  <br>
This folder contains videos generated by processing
the videos in `test_videos` with `P1.ipynb` (i.e. identified lane lines are
added to the original videos).

## Remark on Usage

- Download all the files in this repository and run `P1.ipynb`. This will generate
output images and videos with identified lane lines added.

- In case one wants to save the intermediate images in the course of the processing
(after converting to grayscale, after applying Canny transformation etc.),
set `save = True` and provide the name of the input file `image_name = ...`
explicitly in the argument of the function `lane_finder()`.
Do not set `save = True` when processing video files.

- The code in `P1.ipynb` is intended for the input image file with size
960x540 (color) but the images with the same height-width ratio
(1280x720 for example) can be processed as well.
